{
  "features": [
    "Feature 1: Implement a dynamic lighting system that simulates light sources from explosions and power-ups using HTML5 Canvas gradients and shadow effects to enhance the visual depth and atmosphere of the game.",
    "Feature 2: Develop a particle effect system for explosions and thruster animations. Use JavaScript to create particles that disperse in random directions with varying opacity and size, adding visual flair to enemy destruction and player movements.",
    "Feature 3: Create a modular upgrade system for the player's spaceship, allowing players to collect and equip different weapon types and ship enhancements. Implement UI elements to display available upgrades and their effects on the ship's performance.",
    "Feature 4: Introduce enemy wave patterns with algorithmically generated paths. Use JavaScript to create functions that dictate the movement and formation of enemy waves, providing diverse challenges for the player.",
    "Feature 5: Design a power-up collection system with visual indicators. Use Canvas to render floating icons representing different power-ups and JavaScript to handle their collection and activation, temporarily boosting the player's capabilities.",
    "Feature 6: Implement a boss health bar and attack telegraphing system. Use dynamic UI elements to display the boss's health and create visual cues using Canvas to indicate upcoming attacks, allowing players to strategize their movements.",
    "Feature 7: Integrate background music and sound effects using the Web Audio API. Create a sound management system in JavaScript to handle sound playback, ensuring smooth transitions and volume control for different game events.",
    "Feature 8: Develop an adaptive difficulty system that adjusts enemy behavior and attack intensity based on the player's performance. Use JavaScript to track player metrics and modify enemy attributes to maintain a balanced challenge.",
    "Feature 9: Implement a replay system that records player sessions and allows playback of gameplay. Use JavaScript to save input sequences and game states, enabling players to review their performance and learn from past attempts.",
    "Feature 10: Create a leaderboard system to track high scores and display them on the game's main menu. Use local storage to save scores and JavaScript to render the leaderboard, encouraging competition among players."
  ]